Konvoy 2.1.1 Custom AWS CA needs set for CAPI (#3999)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/konvoy/2.1/choose-infrastructure/aws/advanced/bootstrap/index.md

   aws-ebs-csi                5m38s
   azure-disk-csi             5m38s
   cluster-autoscaler         5m38s
   local-volume-provisioner   5m38s
   node-feature-discovery     5m38s
   nvidia-feature-discovery   5m37s
   tigera-operator            5m38s
   ```

   A ClusterResourceSet object defines selectors that match against cluster labels, and a reference to a ConfigMap. The ConfigMap contains a YAML manifest. When a cluster with matching labels is created, the YAML manifest is applied to the cluster. The manifest is applied only once, when the cluster is created.

   For example, this is the `aws-ebs-csi` ClusterResourceSet, which is now deployed by Konvoy from the above actions:

   ```yaml
   kind: ClusterResourceSet
   metadata:
     name: aws-ebs-csi
   spec:
     clusterSelector:
       matchLabels:
         konvoy.d2iq.io/csi: aws-ebs
         konvoy.d2iq.io/provider: aws
     resources:
     - kind: ConfigMap
       name: aws-ebs-csi
     strategy: ApplyOnce
   ```

   Konvoy defines the selectors and sets the correct labels on the Cluster objects. For a more detailed explanation of how ClusterResourceSets work, see the [Extension Proposal][clusterresourceset_caep].

> ## Custom cluster API for CAPI

Author: ```suggestion
## Using a Custom AWS CA
```

You need to add the custom CAs into two places:

> * The capa-controller-manager Pod, because CAPA controllers use the service endpoints.

Author: ```suggestion
* The `capa-controller-manager` pod, because CAPA controllers interact with AWS API when creating and deleting infrastructure.
```

> * The file system EC2 instance, because the first step of the CAPA bootstrap process is to fetch the sensitive information necessary for bootstrap from the AWS Secrets service.

Author: ```suggestion
* The trusted root CAs in the AWS AMI used as Kubernetes nodes. The first step of the node bootstrap process is to fetch the sensitive information from the AWS Secrets Manager service, so the `aws` client on the instances needs to trust this custom CA. This process will be unique to your environment but a general flow will be similar to what is documented [here](https://manuals.gfi.com/en/kerio/connect/content/server-configuration/ssl-certificates/adding-trusted-root-certificates-to-the-server-1605.html).
```

1.  Place the AWS CA file as `ca.pem` in your working directory

1.  Create a ConfigMap with the contents of the file

    ```
    kubectl create configmap -n capa-system aws-ca --from-file=ca.pem
    ```

> 3. Update the capa-controller-manager to set an environment variable`AWS_CA_BUNDLE` in`capa-controller-manager`:

Author: ```suggestion
3. Update the capa-controller-manager to set an environment variable `AWS_CA_BUNDLE` in `capa-controller-manager`:
```

>     ``. kubectl patch deployment -n capa-system capa-controller-manager --patch '{"spec":{"template":{"spec":{"$setElementOrder/containers":[{"name":"manager"},{"name":"kube-rbac-proxy"}],"$setElementOrder/volumes":[{"name":"cert"},{"name":"credentials"},{"name":"aws-ca"}],"containers":[{"$setElementOrder/env":[{"name":"AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE"},{"name":"AWS_CA_BUNDLE"}],"$setElementOrder/volumeMounts":[{"mountPath":"/tmp/k8s-webhook-server/serving-certs"},{"mountPath":"/home/.aws"},{"mountPath":"/home/.konvoy/aws-ca.pem"}],"env":[{"name":"AWS_CA_BUNDLE","value":"/home/.konvoy/aws-ca.pem"}],"name":"manager","volumeMounts":[{"mountPath":"/home/.konvoy/aws-ca.pem","name":"aws-ca","subPath":"ca.pem"}]}],"volumes":[{"configMap":{"name":"aws-ca"},"name":"aws-ca"}]}}}}' ``.

Author: ```suggestion
    ``` kubectl patch deployment -n capa-system capa-controller-manager --patch '{"spec":{"template":{"spec":{"$setElementOrder/containers":[{"name":"manager"},{"name":"kube-rbac-proxy"}],"$setElementOrder/volumes":[{"name":"cert"},{"name":"credentials"},{"name":"aws-ca"}],"containers":[{"$setElementOrder/env":[{"name":"AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE"},{"name":"AWS_CA_BUNDLE"}],"$setElementOrder/volumeMounts":[{"mountPath":"/tmp/k8s-webhook-server/serving-certs"},{"mountPath":"/home/.aws"},{"mountPath":"/home/.konvoy/aws-ca.pem"}],"env":[{"name":"AWS_CA_BUNDLE","value":"/home/.konvoy/aws-ca.pem"}],"name":"manager","volumeMounts":[{"mountPath":"/home/.konvoy/aws-ca.pem","name":"aws-ca","subPath":"ca.pem"}]}],"volumes":[{"configMap":{"name":"aws-ca"},"name":"aws-ca"}]}}}}' ```
```

>     ``` kubectl patch deployment -n capa-system capa-controller-manager --patch '{"spec":{"template":{"spec":{"$setElementOrder/containers":[{"name":"manager"},{"name":"kube-rbac-proxy"}],"$setElementOrder/volumes":[{"name":"cert"},{"name":"credentials"},{"name":"aws-ca"}],"containers":[{"$setElementOrder/env":[{"name":"AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE"},{"name":"AWS_CA_BUNDLE"}],"$setElementOrder/volumeMounts":[{"mountPath":"/tmp/k8s-webhook-server/serving-certs"},{"mountPath":"/home/.aws"},{"mountPath":"/home/.konvoy/aws-ca.pem"}],"env":[{"name":"AWS_CA_BUNDLE","value":"/home/.konvoy/aws-ca.pem"}],"name":"manager","volumeMounts":[{"mountPath":"/home/.konvoy/aws-ca.pem","name":"aws-ca","subPath":"ca.pem"}]}],"volumes":[{"configMap":{"name":"aws-ca"},"name":"aws-ca"}]}}}}' ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```sh
    kubectl patch deployment -n capa-system capa-controller-manager --patch '{"spec":{"template":{"spec":{"$setElementOrder/containers":[{"name":"manager"},{"name":"kube-rbac-proxy"}],"$setElementOrder/volumes":[{"name":"cert"},{"name":"credentials"},{"name":"aws-ca"}],"containers":[{"$setElementOrder/env":[{"name":"AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE"},{"name":"AWS_CA_BUNDLE"}],"$setElementOrder/volumeMounts":[{"mountPath":"/tmp/k8s-webhook-server/serving-certs"},{"mountPath":"/home/.aws"},{"mountPath":"/home/.konvoy/aws-ca.pem"}],"env":[{"name":"AWS_CA_BUNDLE","value":"/home/.konvoy/aws-ca.pem"}],"name":"manager","volumeMounts":[{"mountPath":"/home/.konvoy/aws-ca.pem","name":"aws-ca","subPath":"ca.pem"}]}],"volumes":[{"configMap":{"name":"aws-ca"},"name":"aws-ca"}]}}}}' ```
```

   tigera-operator            5m38s
   ```

   A ClusterResourceSet object defines selectors that match against cluster labels, and a reference to a ConfigMap. The ConfigMap contains a YAML manifest. When a cluster with matching labels is created, the YAML manifest is applied to the cluster. The manifest is applied only once, when the cluster is created.

   For example, this is the `aws-ebs-csi` ClusterResourceSet, which is now deployed by Konvoy from the above actions:

   ```yaml
   kind: ClusterResourceSet
   metadata:
     name: aws-ebs-csi
   spec:
     clusterSelector:
       matchLabels:
         konvoy.d2iq.io/csi: aws-ebs
         konvoy.d2iq.io/provider: aws
     resources:
     - kind: ConfigMap
       name: aws-ebs-csi
     strategy: ApplyOnce
   ```

   Konvoy defines the selectors and sets the correct labels on the Cluster objects. For a more detailed explanation of how ClusterResourceSets work, see the [Extension Proposal][clusterresourceset_caep].

## Using a Custom AWS CA

You need to add the custom CAs into two places:

* The `capa-controller-manager` pod, because CAPA controllers interact with AWS API when creating and deleting infrastructure.

> * The trusted root CAs in the AWS AMI used as Kubernetes nodes. The first step of the node bootstrap process is to fetch the sensitive information from the AWS Secrets Manager service, so the `aws` client on the instances needs to trust this custom CA. This process will be unique to your environment but a general flow will be similar to what is documented [here](https://manuals.gfi.com/en/kerio/connect/content/server-configuration/ssl-certificates/adding-trusted-root-certificates-to-the-server-1605.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The trusted root CAs in the AWS AMI used as Kubernetes nodes. The first step of the node bootstrap process is to fetch the sensitive information from the AWS Secrets Manager service, so the `aws` client on the instances needs to trust this custom CA. This process is unique to your environment but a general flow can be similar to what is documented in [adding trusted root certificates to the server](https://manuals.gfi.com/en/kerio/connect/content/server-configuration/ssl-certificates/adding-trusted-root-certificates-to-the-server-1605.html).
```
